A Big DickUs Production.
Edited for weird framerate
Spaces added.
Better for old TVs
I think we can all agree
that things were better
under the Empire.
Fortunately. I am still here
to protect you.
Your communities can thrive
under my protection.
You are the lucky few.
But that which I provide
is expensive.
And now
I must maintain all of it
without the Empire's support
until the galaxy realizes
what they've lost
and demand our return.
Long live the Empire.
Good.
Now for the bad news.
I am raising your tribute.
But...
But. Your Excellency.
we are operating at a loss.
The trade routes are plagued
with pirates and thieves.
ready to attack at--
Are you saying
that my protection is lacking?
No. Your Excellency.
I-I am saying that. uh--
Perhaps you should all go
back to your townships
and focus on solutions.
not excuses.
Does that sound reasonable?
Sounds like a perimeter alarm.
I'll confirm.
-I've lost contact.
~Go check it.
There's
nothing to worry about.
I'll send for reinforcements.
I will require
a revenue projection...
We need backup. On the double!
Code Red.
Lay down cover fire.
Take up arms!
Long live the Empire!
What are you waiting for?
Hop on.
Hang on.
Did we get him?
Not yet. sir.
But we will.
-We missed him! He's under us.
~We have him.
Fire.
What's going on?
Give me a status report.
Has the target
been eliminated?
-We've lost contact.
~Walker Three is gone.
-Send everybody!
~Understood.
Prepare to engage!
Get ready. Weapons up.
Full barrel. Now. let's go.
Give me a status update.
Did you see him?
Have you located him?
Did you get The Mandalorian?
Something's up there.
He's on the roof!
Can you see him?
Take him out!
Get up there.
But we're pilots.
-Go now! Do it!
~Yes. sir. On our way.
Get up there.
Set the charges.
~Prepare for exfil.
~sir.
He's breaching the hatch.
He's breaching the hatch!
Autopilot.
I know. I know.
I need to get the shot.
You know. it's better
if you bring 'em in alive.
You okay?
You see. you catch the bad guy
and they tell us
where the other bad guys are.
Things went a little sideways.
The Mandalorian
and Grogu
Good luck.
You're gonna need it.
Messy. Very messy.
It was the best I could do
under the circumstances.
The problem is.
we need information.
Without it. we're never gonna
get to the bottom of
what the Empire's up to.
Just give me time.
I'll take out every bad guy
in your deck of cards.
This isn't about revenge.
It's about
preventing another war...
...and protecting everything
the Rebellion fought for.
Does that mean I'm not
getting paid for this one?
You're getting paid all right.
Come with me.
Impressive.
Where did you get
one of these?
It was from
a captured Imperial commandant
who had a big collection
of vintage vehicles.
This one is stock.
Perfectly restored.
I took it out for a test spin.
They did a nice job
on the rebuild.
This is worth a lot more than
the bounty on that Imp.
Well. let's call it an advance
on the next mission.
What next mission?
Commander Coin.
Our missing Ace of Staves.
No one knows
what he looks like
and most
believe him to be dead.
Not a lot to go on.
What's the play?
I want you to go to Nal Hutta
and meet with the Hutts.
They've agreed to
lead us to him.
What's in it for them?
Their nephew's being held
against his will
by another crime syndicate
on the Outer Rim.
and they need a professional
to get him out
quickly and quietly.
Where is he?
They'll only tell you
in person.
You got a name?
His name is Rotta the Hutt.
The only surviving heir
of crime lord Jabba the Hutt.
You ever cross his path?
I tried not to.
So...
do we have a deal?
I only hunt down
Imperial war criminals.
I don't work for gangsters
anymore. especially the Hutts.
That's right. you don't.
You work for us.
And right now. this is
what we need you to do.
You don't want the job.
I got nothing for you.
Come aboard.
May as well
have a look around.
Let's go hear the Hutts out.
I'll even let you fly
this time.
I didn't say yes.
You didn't say no either.
She's stock. but she's clean.
Hey.
Don't touch anything.
Never touch the buttons.
Identify yourself.
Razor Crest.
requesting clearance.
I'm here
by invitation of the Twins.
Easy on the sticks.
They're expecting us.
We should be fine.
Clearance granted.
You are clear to approach.
They've got
a lot of firepower here.
Yeah. Looks like
they hired the Droid Gotra.
The Hutts
take security seriously.
The Hutts have been the
head of criminal enterprises
for thousands of years.
They use
violence and treachery
to maintain control.
Be careful.
We may be their guests.
but we are not safe.
We finally meet the legendary Mandalorian.
We are so glad you agreed to work for us.
You will be very rich.
I don't work for you.
I work for the New Republic.
I'm told you can lead us
to the Imperial fugitive
Commander Coin.
Of course. Mando.
I understand
your nephew. Rotta.
has been kidnapped.
Yes. our poor nephew has been taken.
He fell in with a bad crowd.
We are heartbroken.
Think of how you would feel
if your little one went missing.
What does he look like?
Do you have an image?
Ah. yes.
The only image we have is from long ago.
He's had a growth spurt since then.
Okay.
I'll rescue your nephew.
Where is he being held?
You will find him on the moon of Shakari.
It shall be done.
We're about to
come out of hyperspace
in the Shakari system.
To state
the obvious. you are operating
outside the jurisdiction
of the New Republic.
If things get messy. I can't
call in an X-wing strike.
I know the drill.
Before going into harm's way.
check your armor first.
It's gotta fit snug
so it doesn't slide.
but not so tight that it
restricts your movement.
Got it?
How's that feel?
All right. Zeb. drop us here.
Yes?
I'll take a flat-meat fry
for the little one.
Got it. Okay. got it. got it.
Flat-meat fry. huh?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Whoa.
That's quite an
impressive denomination.
I'm not sure I've got
change for that.
You can keep the change.
I'm new to these parts.
I can use some information.
Yeah. for this price. I'll
tell you whatever you want.
I'm looking for a Hutt.
Shh. Don't mention that name.
Don't say that.
What. are you trying
to get us both killed?
Here. Keep your credits.
Food's on me.
Go away. Thank you.
Okay. never happened.
Let's go. Nothing to see here.
Damn Mandalorian.
talking like that.
Just out in the open.
he talks like... What is this?
No. no. no. No. no. no. no.
I don't want your credits.
'cause I didn't give you
any information.
His name is Rotta.
Really?
Something funny?
Yeah. yeah.
Everybody...
Everybody knows
Rotta the Hutt.
That guy's a monster.
Rotta! Rotta! Rotta!
He doesn't seem like
a prisoner to me.
...Rotta!
Are you here to kill me?
I'm here to rescue you.
What makes you think
I need rescuing?
Your aunt and uncle
hired me to find you.
Yeah. I see. Well. thank you.
but I don't require rescuing.
Tomorrow's the last match
in my contract and after that.
my debt will be paid.
I'll be a free agent.
Paid to who?
Who's he?
Don't stare.
It's okay. What's your name?
He doesn't talk.
Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed him?
Sure.
Who do you have to pay?
Lord Janu.
I don't know the name.
You should.
He runs the Syndicate
on all the moons of Shakari.
He signed me to his stable.
He bankrolled
my board and training.
He keeps you in a cage.
He treats me well.
And after tomorrow night.
I'll be my own man.
And with the following
he got me as a promoter.
not only will my debt be paid.
but I'll be rich
by the solstice.
Grogu. heel!
Don't worry.
I'm not my father.
You know how hard it is
to be your own man
when your father is
Jabba the Hutt?
You see them
cheering for me out there?
For me.
It's the first time
I'm not living in his shadow.
That's why
I fight in the pits.
They feared him.
but they cheer for me.
So. no...
I don't need to be rescued.
Where can I find Lord Janu?
Thank you.
Closed for the night.
What the hell's he thinking?
Damn Mandalorians.
Mandalorians. they don't even
come from here.
He's going around. talking--
I just wanna know
where I can find Lord Janu.
Don't say that.
Do not say that name.
Stop saying it.
I recommend you calm down.
Just. please. please.
don't kill me. Don't kill me.
I've got... I've got
12 little ones at home.
smaller than him.
It's... They're smaller.
Yeah. it's just...
I pay him protection. okay?
We all do.
I barely make a living.
to be honest.
-But at least I'm alive.
~Who collects for him?
I don't know.
Different people come in.
Sometimes they come here.
sometimes I do a drop myself.
~What do I know?
~Where?
~Where what?
~Where do you do the drops?
I don't... Some pla...
Sometimes.
I go down to...
...different places.
Usually... Sometimes
I go to the salt bar
under Korvin Station.
And then there's
other places too. You go to...
You know. You know.
I go around.
No. I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I didn't give you
any information.
~I was just talking.
-That's not for information.
It's to cover his tab.
I'm looking for Lord Janu.
Maybe you made a mistake.
Maybe you remember wrong
and think you know me.
Maybe you just walked through
the wrong door.
Well.
I'm not here to buy salt.
Salt?
We don't sell salt.
It's on the ration.
How much
for the shoulder candy?
Would look real pretty
in a cage.
I'm here to see Lord Janu.
I won't repeat myself again.
It seems you've
earned your salt today.
I'm Janu.
Come to the back
and pick out a crystal.
Hogsbreth.
have the boys clean up.
Make sure
I don't lose any pets.
Here.
Choose one.
Salt is of no value to me
where I'm from.
But here
it's worth a small fortune.
because it's rationed
by the politicians.
Which makes it rare.
As are you. Mandalorian.
Have you ever considered
fighting in the pits?
I try to avoid violence.
'Course you do.
I do as well.
So what brings you to
this establishment
if you're not
in the market for salt?
I wanna buy out the contract
on a fighter from your stable.
Perhaps you would consider
joining my stable instead?
This buys a lot of salt
where I'm from.
I am offering you this
in exchange for the fighting
contract on Rotta the Hutt.
My dear boy.
there's no price high enough
to buy him out of
his last fights.
I've been grooming that
little prince for many cycles.
setting him up
for tomorrow's match.
Take the credits.
It's his last fight
for you anyway.
It's his last fight ever.
I've collected
the most deadly creatures
from across the galaxy.
He's fighting a Dejarik match?
Yes.
He will die tomorrow.
And a select few know it.
Here's my gift to you:
take those credits.
bet it all
on the death of the Hutt.
In exchange.
all I ask is that you
consider fighting in my pit.
The people of Shakari
would pay any price
to see the rarest of sights.
one of the legendary
Mandalorian warriors
engaging in blood sport.
This should more than cover
our little misunderstanding
out there.
All I ask
is that you consider my offer.
Could make us both very rich.
Looks like we're gonna have to
do this the hard way.
What?
Janu's planning on
killing you.
I'm here to get you out.
Tomorrow's my last fight.
I'll be free after I win.
The fix is in.
It's a Dejarik match.
He will keep
throwing opponents at you
until you die.
Why should I believe you?
You were sent by my aunt
and uncle who want me dead.
They want you back.
You're embarrassing them.
The Twins want me dead
because I'm heir
to the throne. not them.
But I don't want it.
I don't wanna be anything
like my father.
When I first started fighting.
the people all booed me.
They wanted to see me die
because I'm the son
of Jabba the Hutt.
Then I won
and became a champion
and they slowly
began to cheer.
They realized
I'm not my father.
I'm my own man.
and I'm not afraid to fight
for what I have.
To earn it.
To prove myself to everyone.
Kid. fighting's not a sport.
It's a last resort.
Now come with me
before things get ugly.
Guards. he's back!
Get out. Get out!
Rotta! Rotta! Rotta!
Rotta!
I don't want to fight you.
Then you're in for a long day!
Yes!
I'm not going to kill you.
I'm here to rescue you.
Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!
Kill! Kill! Kill...
I yield.
Rotta the Hutt has won.
Now you owe him his freedom.
Now he is free...
to die!
Our only chance
is to work together.
Watch out for the little one.
Yeah. I got this.
We should go now.
Now!
Are you good?
Don't worry. buddy.
We're getting out of here.
You were right.
The fix was in.
Let's get you out of here.
I'm gonna find us a ride.
Sorry. Mando.
I can't go back.
Zeb. I got a runner.
Okay. you got me.
Can't blame a guy for trying.
We're about
to jump to hyperspace.
Where are you bringing me?
It's not safe
to keep you chained up.
If I unlock you.
can we agree
to no funny stuff?
Are you bringing me
to Nal Hutta?
This is an old ship.
Sometimes things
get a little bouncy.
My aunt and uncle
were scared of my father.
They've always
been cruel to me.
Now that they control
his criminal empire.
they need me eliminated.
You bring me to them.
I'm a dead man.
You don't know that.
If you let me go.
you'll never
hear from me again.
It's a big galaxy.
I can disappear.
Sorry. kid.
I was hired to do a job.
I don't know how
you sleep at night.
working for those monsters.
I don't work for them.
I work for the New Republic.
They hired me. not the Twins.
When I bring you back.
they're giving me
the whereabouts
of Commander Coin.
a high-ranking ex-Imperial
operating on the Outer Rim.
It's Janu.
The man you're looking for
is Janu.
Lord Janu Coin.
That's who the Hutts
are gonna give you.
He's ex-Imperial.
That can't be.
The Twins would've told me.
I saw stormtroopers.
He brought me
to his estate once
to celebrate a big win
and there were
stormtroopers everywhere.
If you don't believe me
and you don't get him now.
you won't get another shot.
In fact.
it might already be too late.
That's quite a story.
Why should I believe you?
You're a bounty hunter.
you know when someone's lying.
Am I lying...
or am I telling the truth?
That's it.
That's Janu Coin's compound.
Could be big boy's
telling the truth.
The place is lousy
with stormtroopers.
How many did you see
when you were in there?
A lot.
You're gonna need
a lot of backup
if you're actually
thinking of going in.
Uh-huh.
Get word
to all our foot soldiers
on the dark side of Shakari.
I want eyes on the starport
and all the freight lanes.
Lean on the mayor.
Nothing takes off
or lands until we find them.
Muster
my personal security forces.
We're going to hit the streets
in full armor.
I don't want to
take any chances
when it comes to
The Mandalorian.
I've heard many things
about those monsters.
It's all true.
Imperial Commander Janu Coin.
I'm here on behalf
of the New Republic
to bring you to justice.
I'm afraid we're outside
of your jurisdiction.
Take him!
~Set blasters On full.
-Hurry!
I can bring you in warm...
or I can bring you in cold.
Grogu.
Rotta.
Rotta. come in.
Does anyone read me?
I'm up. I'm up.
I need you
to fire up the drives.
Fire up the drives.
~We have company.
~Received.
I don't know how to fly.
Do you know how to fly?
Neither of us know how to fly.
and I can't even
fit in the cockpit.
Grogu. I need you to go
to the control panel.
Remember the buttons
I told you never to touch?
I'm gonna need you
to touch them.
Look for
the ignition relay cutoff.
It's next to
the fuel differential readout.
which is between
the pump compression gauge
and the primary
reserve indic--
Whoa.
No. Don't touch
the missile battery switch.
That's why there's
a safety guard on it.
Do you see
the fuel readout display?
Remember
I showed you that one?
It's on the other side
of the manual control
surface calibration un--
I don't think
he knows what he's doing.
Get out.
Get going.
They're shooting at you too.
Good job. buddy. Strap in.
I like this kid.
Come on. Come on.
Get us out of atmosphere
and jump!
Get up here.
I need you to bypass
the exhaust restrictors.
This old junker's
gonna get us killed.
I need more power.
Disable the safety panel
so I can override the limiter.
How? I'm a pilot.
not a meknek.
Just rip out
the whole brain board.
Everything okay up there?
Perfect.
I told you to strap in.
Always wear your seat belt.
Take it easy up there!
There we go.
That doesn't look like a Hutt.
This is Imperial Commander
Janu Coin.
He's full of information and
ready to sing like a Yuzzum.
Isn't that right. Coin?
I demand
an attorney be present
if I'm to be questioned.
You see?
He's full of secrets.
You were supposed
to bring back Rotta.
We had an arrangement
with the Twins.
This is your Ace of Staves.
This is who they were
going to lead you to.
And then tip him off.
sell you out and collect
credits from both sides.
Take him away.
Intelligence
has been cultivating
a relationship with the Hutts
for a very long time.
and you crossed them.
The Twins can hold a grudge.
I made a call.
I got you the big prize.
The Twins can rot in hell.
Well. you missed out
on them paying you
a big bounty for their nephew.
Hmm...
So be it.
Well. I'll see if
I can hit up Command
for a fee
for the capture of Coin.
Don't worry about it.
It's on me.
This one got messy.
I'm taking a break.
I understand.
Mando.
Good job.
We're gonna
pull the restrictor plates.
The first one should be
just past the return line.
That's it.
There should be three more.
Okay. okay. Okey-doke.
Okay. okay.
Thanks for coming.
No problem.
I'm looking to make some
performance modifications.
I need to cut out
dead weight for speed.
Pull out anything
that doesn't make her go.
Hey!
Hey. Hey.
No. don't touch me!
Heel.
~the horrible baby.
~the bad baby.
Stay.
I purged the fuel lines.
I wanna remove
all the restrictors
and unplug the exhaust.
~Got it. Yeah. yeah.
~No problem. yeah. I Got it.
~No problem.
~yeah. Okey-doke.
You wanna go help them?
Do you promise to play nice?
All right. Go.
Don't worry about him.
Little guy's gonna be okay.
Sorry. I found these
in your kitchen.
I was alone
when I was his age.
I had to fend for myself.
He's lucky he has you.
Well. you didn't
turn out half bad.
Mmm. Life's messy.
but we do the best we can.
Listen. I called a gunrunner
who agreed to take you
out of the system.
We both know the Twins
will be looking for you.
so you best keep moving.
Thank you. Mando.
It was a fair trade.
Make sure you lay low.
I don't wanna see your name
on my list again.
You have my word.
All right. you take care
of yourself. little guy.
And keep an eye on
your old man. too. all right?
Here you go.
Hang on to these for me.
Let's save the rest of these
for after dinner.
Wake up.
Oh. What? Uh.
~Wake up.
-What's going on?
There's someone out there.
I'll be awake in the morning.
Quiet. Get under the floor.
Wait here.
If I signal. get out.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
Help! It got me! It got me!
Keibu.
Did you get the Mandalorian?
Very good. Bring him to Nal Hutta.
Help me! Help!
Ow.
Ow. ow. ow.
Let him go.
Hey. you hungry?
You want a treat?
Here you go.
Good girl.
Come on. Come on!
Uh-oh.
Oh.
Who hired you?
Was it the Hutts?
Well. if it was the Hutts.
I'd make sure they're
paying you what you're worth.
But I'm guessing a Kyuzo
is smart enough
to get their money up-front--
Nal Hutta.
The Hutts are there.
I don't like it.
Oh! Wow! Oh. I'm coming.
Kid. don't be scared.
Don't be scared.
It's okay. yeah.
Come on. let's go.
Oh...
Oh! Hello!
It's me. it's me! You're here.
You came for me! You found me!
Oh. we thought you were dead.
Mandalorian. he saved me.
Big guy. He's inside there.
Yeah. we got to go
and find him
and bring him home
for the baby.
The big thing. The big dog.
The big dog. The big...
Oh. oh. It picked me up...
Mando is in there.
In the palace.
Come on. Up. up. up. up.
Come on. baby. You can do it.
Big pipe. huh?
Good shot. baby.
Pay the hunter.
You broke our agreement.
Now you must pay.
Bring me his helmet.
Mandalorian steel.
Priceless on the black market.
But worth even more is knowing
we have shamed you forever.
We know the Mandalorian Creed.
You will be outcast
for letting an enemy see
your face.
Not if you all die.
It will bring us ecstasy
to watch
your strong spirit break.
Monsters.
You did this to him.
Rotta would have
died painlessly.
but you betrayed us.
Now he will suffer
for centuries.
You see. Hutts live for
hundreds of years.
Just like
your small. green child.
One day you will die.
and Grogu will be without you
to protect him.
And then.
it will be his turn to suffer.
You have entertained us.
Here is your reward.
Uh-oh. Which way?
Even if
you win. you will die from the poison.
Dank farrik.
Get out! Go!
Come on. go! Go. go!
-Oh. yeah!
-Wow!
Wait. Wait.
You okay?
~How did you get here?
~We Got a ship.
That way. Let's go!
Send the droids!
Release the Amani! Don't let him escape!
This way. This way. yeah.
This way!
Up. up. up. up. going up!
I don't want to fall.
I don't want to.
Go!
Yeah. Okay. okay. Yeah.
Let's go.
Go. kid.
I can't fit in that thing.
but you have to leave.
Don't worry.
I'll be right behind you.
Go now. I'll hold them off.
We'll come back
for you. Mando.
Come on. baby.
Don't worry. We'll be back.
Yeah. let's go. Let's go.
Come on. baby.
Goodbye. kid.
No life force detected.
Methinks you are
the one who stole my fish.
I'm guessing
you're not from around here.
A morsel like you
should be more careful.
You look to be the bottom
of the Nal Hutta food chain.
I'm surprised
you haven't found your way
to the Hutts' supper table.
You've heard of the Hutts.
have you?
Are you scared?
You should be.
They would swallow you whole
given half a chance.
Make yourself scarce.
Uh-huh.
Hey.
Get away from my fish.
Keibu.
The hunter says
you have a partner.
Says you two
escaped the Twins.
Well. that's impressive.
Says your partner's
hurt real bad.
Bit by a dragonsnake.
Poisoned.
I want you
to feed this to him.
Now. you should know.
this might be too little.
too late.
and there's a good chance
he doesn't wake up.
Either way.
best thing you can do
right now
is make him comfortable.
There comes a time where
we all have to say goodbye.
I wish you luck.
small traveler.
Hey. kiddo.
The old protect the young.
and then the young
protect the old.
This is the Way.
Now how do we
get off this planet?
That's the gunrunner
that was carrying Rotta.
Well. kid. the way I see it
we got two choices.
We can use this ship.
Get off world.
That might buy us some time.
A little bit of peace.
But the Hutts
will keep coming for us.
Just like they came for Rotta.
So. do we run?
Or do we fight?
Huh?
Repel the intruders!
Roger. roger!
Protect the palace!
Affirmative.
Follow my lead.
Fire!
Come on. Come on.
On me.
Fall back!
Wait! We know much.
Go help Rotta.
You saw my face.
Stop!
Now it's time to die.
Leave him alone!
You don't have Jabba to protect you.
I'm not little anymore!
Stop! You'll kill us all!
Save us. bounty hunter!
Keibu.
Save us!
We don't have much time.
We have to get out of here.
Is there another way out?
-I think it's that way.
-Go. Go!
Target sighted.
Hello?
Mando! We came back.
~what?
~We came back.
We told you we would.
Adelphi Squadron.
entering atmosphere.
-What's your status. Mando?
-We're under attack.
There are too many.
Fire everything you have
at my location.
~Your location?
~Yes. my location.
I can't give that order.
Don't worry...
we'll be out of here
by the time you do.
Good luck.
Blue Leader to squadron.
assume defensive formation.
prepare to engage.
All weapons hot.
Copy that.
Enemy fighters approaching.
Here they come.
Turbolasers. up ahead.
Got it.
I've got one on my tail.
I got you.
Yippee! Yay!
Taking out the launch tubes.
Blue Leader to Red Jammer.
mark it and lock it in.
Locking in target.
It's a dead end.
We're trapped.
Stand back.
We're closing fast.
Repeat. we're closing fast.
You better be
out of there. Mando.
Jump.
That's a long way down.
Closing on target.
~Gotta jump.
-Moat's not that deep.
It's a bomber. Jump.
Let's light up this swamp.
Anybody got eyes on Mando?
There they are.
Zeb. go collect the trash.
I'm getting a little tired
of these hot extractions.
What took you so long?
Hop in.
Let's head home.
Colonel.
Messy.
Very messy.
Why'd you come for me?
That wasn't part
of the mission.
You were right.
Coin told us everything.
The Twins were playing us.
Feeding information
to the Empire all along.
They picked a side.
It wasn't ours.
Besides.
we don't leave our own behind.
I'm an independent contractor.
Sure. Mando. Sure you are.
Can I give you a ride
somewhere?
Actually. I was thinking
I could stay here.
Maybe work
for the New Republic.
Don't take this
the wrong way. but...
I'm not sure you would fit in.
You know...
...I might have
a uniform that would fit him.
Come on.
let me buy you a drink.
Thank you. Mando.
I owe you big time.
Just doing my job.
And keep an eye on him.
Your dad's
one of the good ones.
Come on. big guy.
Watch your step.
First round's on me.
Hey. kid. Come up here.
Your turn.
Go ahead.